Frameworks give us structure. Structure is essential for building large scale
applications. We need structure to manage code, create flexible architecture,
reuse functional components and enforce separation of concerns. Structure is
good when it’s a natural part of our design process, but not when our design
is forced to fit a pre-existing structure.  
There are many types of web applications. Some of them have similarities and
some of them are unique. Some share a similar structure and some are
completely new and innovative.

One of the base assumptions of frameworks is that we, developers, need
structure to be enforced externally. In all frameworks there’s a right way to
do things and all other ways are wrong. You’ll know when your way is wrong
because the framework will fight you back into the right way. But what if it
doesn’t suit your needs?

The recent proliferation of frameworks makes things more difficult. Each
framework introduces its own right way to build web applications, and we,
developers, need to be able to select among them the one that mostly suits our
needs.

All those "right ways" share a few things in common. They try to tell us how to
write components, how to manage dependencies, how user interactions should be
modeled, how data synchronization with the server should be done, how
application state should be represented, how the three aspects of UIs (layout,
styles and logic) should be managed, etc.

But we don't want "how". We need "what".

JS web frameworks enforce structure by defining a certain way of developing
applications. But this enforced way is not always the best for any type of
application. Recently we have seen a move in the JS ecosystem towards smaller
tools which do one thing. Developers today start to move away from a complete
framework solution, towards picking the right tools for the job; essentially
creating their own ad-hoc framework.

So what are the essential components of every web framework?
